Comic Book Inventory
I have over 1000 comic books.  My only way to inventory them is to write them down one by one with the info that I want.  Keeping an inventory limits the duplicate buying of comics at yard sales and in comic book stores.  But I always have to carry my notebook with me and sorting through all that info can be time consuming and tedious.  There are comic book inventory apps in use, but they cost money (15.00$ a month) and they are much more technical than I need.  So I created my own inventory app that is simple and easy to use, with just the functionality that I need.
The Comic Book Inventory Application is an application to sort and inventory a user’s vast collection of comics.  First create an account and log in.  Once an account has been created, a user can immediately add their first comic to the inventory.  Users can also upload an image from their computer to add to each comic listed. Users can view a details page for each individual comic. Users also have the ability to edit and delete each comic from the inventory as well.
	Navigate to the comic inventory and all of a user’s comics will be displayed along with a count of all comics in the inventory.  Users can also use the search bar to sort their comics by title and publisher.  The inventory will automatically count all comics selected.  A convenient print button is located at the bottom of the page to print comics selected.
	The Comic Book Inventory App also has a WishList section where users can store their inventory of comics to buy in the future.  The WishList can also be edited and deleted as needed.  The WishList also has a print button at the bottom of the page to print a list of comics for users to take to the comic shop.
	This application was built using C# .NET Core with the Entity framework. I Used Razor templates to create this MVC application in Visual Studio 2019. I used Identity for secure login and register for the application. This application was styled using bootstrap and custom CSS styles.
	To run the Comic Book Inventory Application, clone the repository to your selected file folder from GitHub.  In your terminal navigate the Comic Book Inventory SLN file.  Type in the terminal: Start Comicbookinventory.sln   This will open up a window and start the application.

Have fun with your Comic Book Inventory  :)